readme.md, before:

<!-- ![alt tag](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/fiesta-framework/Art/master/Resources/Pikia%20Github.png) -->

**Lighty, a PHP Framework for web developers**

<!-- [![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/fiesta-framework/Fiesta.svg?branch=next)](https://travis-ci.org/fiesta-framework/Fiesta/branches) -->
[![Latest Stable Version](https://poser.pugx.org/lighty/lighty/v/stable)](https://packagist.org/packages/lighty/lighty) 
[![Downloads](https://img.shields.io/badge/downloads-637-0375b5.svg)](https://gitlab.com/lighty/framework)
[![Latest Unstable Version](https://poser.pugx.org/lighty/lighty/v/unstable)](https://packagist.org/packages/lighty/lighty) 
[![License](https://poser.pugx.org/lighty/lighty/license)](https://packagist.org/packages/lighty/lighty)
<!--[![Monthly Downloads](https://poser.pugx.org/lighty/lighty/d/monthly)](https://packagist.org/packages/lighty/lighty)-->
<!-- [![Scrutinizer Code Quality](https://scrutinizer-ci.com/g/fiesta-framework/Fiesta/badges/quality-score.png?b=master)](https://scrutinizer-ci.com/g/fiesta-framework/Fiesta/?branch=master) -->

-----

![alt tag](https://gitlab.com/lighty/framework/raw/dev/app/resources/images/window.png)

Lighty Framework is one of [Lighty Group](https://gitlab.com/groups/lighty) projects (Framework - Kernel - Panel - Bridge - Whoops - Logy - Installers - Atomium - Lumos - Console - Docs) some of the are public and other not.

### Installation

#### Install Composer

Lighty uses `Composer`, You can use Composer  to install Lighty and its dependencies.

First, download and install [Composer installer](https://getcomposer.org/)

#### Install next release of Lighty

You can install next release of Lighty via [Composer](https://getcomposer.org/) by running the command of Composer `create-project` in your terminal:

	composer create-project lighty/lighty projet_name dev-next --prefer-dist

###  Apache

Lighty comes with `.htaccess` file that uses URL rewriting, if you use Apache, Be sure you have enabled the extension `mod_rewrite`

### Lighty Requirements

Lighty has some system requirements:
* PHP >= 5.5
* Enabling The mod_rewrite Apache extension


### Documentation

We are working on Lighty documentation for every release version, you can take look or update the documentation of next release [here](https://gitlab.com/lighty/Docs/tree/3.2)


### Development

Lighty is open to the contributions of developers, the current released version of Lighty is `3.1` . However developers may instead opt to use the next beta version in [dev](https://gitlab.com/lighty/framework/tree/dev) branch aliased to `3.x-dev`.


### Versions

To consult the change log of the framework please visit here [change log](https://gitlab.com/lighty/framework/blob/dev/changes.md)

[Lighty Releases](https://gitlab.com/lighty/framework/tags)


[Lighty v 3.1.3](https://gitlab.com/lighty/framework/tags/3.1.3) (22/02/2016)  
[Lighty v 3.1.2](https://gitlab.com/lighty/framework/tags/3.1.2) (11/02/2016)  
[Lighty v 3.1.1](https://gitlab.com/lighty/framework/tags/3.1.1) (07/02/2016)  
[Lighty v 3.1](https://gitlab.com/lighty/framework/tags/3.1.0) (06/02/2016)  
[Lighty v 3.0](https://gitlab.com/lighty/framework/tags/3.0.0) (15/01/2016)  
[Lighty v 2.5](https://gitlab.com/lighty/framework/tags/2.5.0.236) (05/07/2015)  
[Lighty v 2.0](https://gitlab.com/lighty/framework/tags/2.0.0.1) (27/02/2015)  
[Lighty v 1.5](https://gitlab.com/lighty/framework/tags/1.5.0) (05/02/2015)  
[Lighty v 1.4.4](https://gitlab.com/lighty/framework/tags/1.4.4) (01/02/2015)  
[Lighty v 1.4.3](https://gitlab.com/lighty/framework/tags/1.4.3) (28/01/2015)  
[Lighty v 1.4.2](https://gitlab.com/lighty/framework/tags/1.4.2) (16/01/2015)  
[Lighty v 1.4.1](https://gitlab.com/lighty/framework/tags/1.4.1) (15/01/2015)  
[Lighty v 1.4](https://gitlab.com/lighty/framework/tags/1.4.0) (11/01/2015)  
[Lighty v 1.3.2](https://gitlab.com/lighty/framework/tags/1.3.2) (10/01/2015)  
[Lighty v 1.3.1](https://gitlab.com/lighty/framework/tags/1.3.1) (09/01/2015)  

### Licence

The Lighty framework is open-sourced software licensed under the [MIT license](http://opensource.org/licenses/MIT)

[![Owner](https://img.shields.io/badge/created%20by-Youssef%20Had-blue.svg)](https://gitlab.com/u/youssefhad)
[![Owner](https://img.shields.io/badge/copyright-2014--2016-red.svg)](https://gitlab.com/lighty/framework)
[![Owner](https://img.shields.io/badge/launched-10%2F10%2F2014-ff2f6c.svg)](https://gitlab.com/lighty/framework)

Commit message:

update readme remove releases and update contributing and make small intro

readme.md, after:

<!-- ![alt tag](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/fiesta-framework/Art/master/Resources/Pikia%20Github.png) -->

**Lighty, a PHP Framework for web developers**

<!-- [![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/fiesta-framework/Fiesta.svg?branch=next)](https://travis-ci.org/fiesta-framework/Fiesta/branches) -->
[![Latest Stable Version](https://poser.pugx.org/lighty/lighty/v/stable)](https://packagist.org/packages/lighty/lighty) 
[![Downloads](https://img.shields.io/badge/downloads-637-0375b5.svg)](https://gitlab.com/lighty/framework)
[![Latest Unstable Version](https://poser.pugx.org/lighty/lighty/v/unstable)](https://packagist.org/packages/lighty/lighty) 
[![License](https://poser.pugx.org/lighty/lighty/license)](https://packagist.org/packages/lighty/lighty)
<!--[![Monthly Downloads](https://poser.pugx.org/lighty/lighty/d/monthly)](https://packagist.org/packages/lighty/lighty)-->
<!-- [![Scrutinizer Code Quality](https://scrutinizer-ci.com/g/fiesta-framework/Fiesta/badges/quality-score.png?b=master)](https://scrutinizer-ci.com/g/fiesta-framework/Fiesta/?branch=master) -->

-----

![alt tag](https://gitlab.com/lighty/framework/raw/dev/app/resources/images/window.png)

Lighty is a PHP framework made for web developers to make the web programing more easyer, faster and wonderful. Created in 10/10/2014 by Youssef Had, provided nice features to help in you in your project such as Lumos, Panel, Atomium.

Lighty Framework is one of [Lighty Group](https://gitlab.com/groups/lighty) projects (Framework - Kernel - Panel - Bridge - Whoops - Logy - Installers - Atomium - Lumos - Console - Docs) some of them are public and free and others not.

### Installation

#### Install Composer

Lighty uses `Composer`, You can use Composer  to install Lighty and its dependencies.

First, download and install [Composer installer](https://getcomposer.org/)

#### Install next release of Lighty

You can install next release of Lighty via [Composer](https://getcomposer.org/) by running the command of Composer `create-project` in your terminal:

	composer create-project lighty/lighty projet_name dev-next --prefer-dist

###  Apache

Lighty comes with `.htaccess` file that uses URL rewriting, if you use Apache, Be sure you have enabled the extension `mod_rewrite`

### Lighty Requirements

Lighty has some system requirements:
* PHP >= 5.5
* Enabling The mod_rewrite Apache extension


### Documentation

We are working on Lighty documentation for every release version, you can take look or update the documentation of next release [here](https://gitlab.com/lighty/Docs/tree/3.2)


### Development

Lighty is open to the contributions of developers, the current released version of Lighty is `3.2` . However developers may instead opt to use the next beta version in [dev](https://gitlab.com/lighty/framework/tree/dev) branch aliased to `3.x-dev`.


### Versions

To consult the change log of the framework please visit here [change log](https://gitlab.com/lighty/framework/blob/dev/changes.md)

[Lighty Releases](https://gitlab.com/lighty/framework/tags)

### Licence

The Lighty framework is open-sourced software licensed under the [MIT license](http://opensource.org/licenses/MIT)

[![Owner](https://img.shields.io/badge/created%20by-Youssef%20Had-blue.svg)](https://gitlab.com/u/youssefhad)
[![Owner](https://img.shields.io/badge/copyright-2014--2016-red.svg)](https://gitlab.com/lighty/framework)
[![Owner](https://img.shields.io/badge/launched-10%2F10%2F2014-ff2f6c.svg)](https://gitlab.com/lighty/framework)
